Version 1.10 README and CHANGELOG (#484)
KxSystems/kx-vscode: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the **kdb VS Code extension** are documented in this file.

# v1.10.0

### Enhancements

> - Show stack trace on errors against Insights scratchpad

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show stack trace for errors in the Insights scratchpad
```

> - Show stack trace for errors in the Insights scratchpad

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show stack trace for errors in the kdb Insights Enterprise scratchpad
```

- Autocomplete for [Query APIs](https://code.kx.com/insights/1.12/enterprise/analysis/queryapi.html)
- Add support for Python for KDB+ connections

> - Show a GGPlot when the output of a q query is binary data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display GGPlot for binary data output from q queries
```

- Semantic highlighting for function definitions

> - Enhanced results tab table headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved table headers in the results tab
```

> - KDB+ connection query progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show query progress for KDB+ connections
```

- Added notification for data source refresh

> - Updated screenshots and documentation

Reviewer 2: Not sure we need this, it should be done each release

### Fixes

> - Fixed starting local q server while using WSL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue with starting local q server when using WSL
```

> - Fixed double error message when not able to connect Insights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed double error message when unable to connect to Insights
```

> - Fixewd query errors are being written to the 'kdb' output rather than the 'q console output'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed query errors being written to the 'kdb' output rather than the 'q console output'
```

> - Fixed editing a connection and move it into an existing group is not working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue with editing a connection and moving it into an existing group
```

> - Fixed 'query is running' notification should persist until the results are rendered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensured 'query is running' notification shows until the results are rendered
```

> - Fixed extension becomes unresponsive when showing large tables with KDB Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed unresponsiveness of the extension when displaying large tables with KDB Results
```

- Fixed unicode characters not displayed correctly in results table

### Internal Improvements

> - Remove jwtDecode types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed jwtDecode types
```

> - Change the output for local q queries for structured text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the output for local q queries for structured text
```
